1356 Reintroduce Frida Stalker (#1480)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: Document/0x06b-Basic-Security-Testing.md

##### Frida

[Frida](https://www.frida.re "Frida") is a free and open-source dynamic code instrumentation toolkit that lets you execute snippets of JavaScript into your native apps. It was already introduced in the chapter "[Tampering and Reverse Engineering](0x04c-Tampering-and-Reverse-Engineering.md#frida "Frida")" of the general testing guide. Frida is used in several of the following sections and chapters.

> Frida supports interaction with the Objective-C runtime though the [ObjC API](https://www.frida.re/docs/javascript-api/#objc "Frida - ObjC API"). You'll be able to hook and call both Objective-C and native functions inside the process and its native libraries. Your JavaScript snippets have full access to memory, e.g. to read and/or write any structured data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Frida supports interaction with the Objective-C runtime through the [ObjC API](https://www.frida.re/docs/javascript-api/#objc "Frida - ObjC API"). You'll be able to hook and call both Objective-C and native functions inside the process and its native libraries. Your JavaScript snippets have full access to memory, e.g. to read and/or write any structured data.
```

Here are some tasks that Frida APIs offers and are relevant or exclusive on iOS:

- Instantiate Objective-C objects and call static and non-static class methods ([ObjC API](https://www.frida.re/docs/javascript-api/#objc "Frida - ObjC API")).
- Trace Objective-C method calls and/or replace their implementations ([Interceptor API](https://www.frida.re/docs/javascript-api/#interceptor "Frida - Interceptor API")).
- Enumerate live instances of specific classes by scanning the heap ([ObjC API](https://www.frida.re/docs/javascript-api/#objc "Frida - ObjC API")).
- Scan process memory for occurrences of a string ([Memory API](https://www.frida.re/docs/javascript-api/#memory "Frida - Memory API")).
- Intercept native function calls to run your own code at function entry and exit ([Interceptor API](https://www.frida.re/docs/javascript-api/#interceptor "Frida - Interceptor API")).

> Remember that on iOS, you can also benefit from the built-in tools provided when installing Frida, that includes the Frida CLI (`frida`), `frida-ps`, `frida-ls-devices` and `frida-trace`, to name some of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember that on iOS, you can also benefit from the built-in tools provided when installing Frida, which include the Frida CLI (`frida`), `frida-ps`, `frida-ls-devices` and `frida-trace`, to name a few.
```

> There's a `frida-trace` feature exclusive on iOS worth highlighting: tracing Objective-C APIs using the `-m` flag and wildcards. For example, tracing all methods including "HTTP" in its name and belonging to any class whose name starts with "NSURL" is as easy as running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There's a `frida-trace` feature exclusive on iOS worth highlighting: tracing Objective-C APIs using the `-m` flag and wildcards. For example, tracing all methods including "HTTP" in their name and belonging to any class whose name starts with "NSURL" is as easy as running:
```
